Preserve spacing style between font size and line height (#18114)
prettier/prettier: changelog_unreleased/css/18114.md

> #### Remove space around division in font attribute (#18114 by @kovsu)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Remove space between font family and line height (#18114 by @kovsu) 
```
